Answer the following questions:

1.) Using the command line, how do you:
    a. change directories? cd
    b. list the contents of a folder? ls -al
    c. print the path of the current directory? pwd
    d. move a file from one location to the another? mv <filename> <sub-dir>/<filename>
    e. copy a file from one location to another? cp <filename> <directory>
    f. create a file? vim or touch
    g. create a folder? mkdir
    h. delete a file? rm
    i. delete a folder? rm -R
    j. print the contents of a file? cat
    k. edit the contents of a file? vim

2.) Why do we use git and Github?
    For version control and so multiple developers can work on the same thing at the
    same time and from different locations without breaking the code.

3.) What is the general flow of git?
git pull to get the current version of the code from github.
git add to add something new to your staging area.
git commit -m "comment" to commit changes.
git push to push the commit through to github

4.) What is the purpose of adding a remote to a local git repository?
    So you can push to origin from the terminal.

5.) How do you print a message to the console?
    system.out.println();

6.) Where does a program begin its execution?
    At the main() method
    public static void main

7.) What is a code block and how do you create one?
    A code block is a group of two or more statements. It is created using {}

8.) What is the idea of variable scope?
    Variables defined in a code block are not visible to any member outside of that code block.

9.) What are semicolons used for?
    They are used to terminate a statement.

10.) What are lines of code indented? When should a line be indented?
    You indent one level after each opening brace and move back out one level after each closing brace. This makes the code
    easier to understand.

11.) What does a .java file need to be complied to a .class file before running?
    Java source code has to be compiled into byte-code by the compiler. The byte code in the .class file can then be used by the JVM.






